Update istio-demo install instructions (#3520)
istio/istio.io: content/docs/tasks/security/plugin-ca-cert/index.md

* Set up Istio by following the instructions in the
[quick start](/docs/setup/kubernetes/install/kubernetes/) with global mutual TLS enabled:

>   Install using the `strict mTLS` variant of the [installation instructions](/docs/setup/kubernetes/install/kubernetes/#installation-steps).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Follow the [installation instructions](/docs/setup/kubernetes/install/kubernetes/#installation-steps) install Istio with the **strict mTLS mode** enabled.
```
